{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 [3:58 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: remove building image and add this as a banner image\
[3:59 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: it is in brochure...\
[3:59 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: Paranjape Forest Trails Bhugaon is not just apartments \'97 it is the township environment lifestyle. Most Pune projects sell buildings; Forest Trails sells an ecosystem built around greenery, open spaces, wellness, and nature-centric living.The township spans approximately 170\'96190 acres. The township promotes large green zones, thousands of planted trees, valley views, equestrian facilities, sports infrastructure, and a low-density environment within a large integrated development.\
[3:59 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: Overview\
[3:59 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: Everglades - 1 &2 BHK - starting 43.99 L*\
[3:59 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: The Cove -   (Twins Villas) - 4 BHK - Starting - 2.90 Cr*\
[3:59 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: *Disclaimer:* The information contained on this website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation. Project details, prices, specifications, and availability are subject to change without prior notice. Images are for illustrative purposes only. This website is managed by an authorized Channel Partner of the developer for marketing purposes. Prospective buyers are advised to verify all details directly with the developer before making any purchase decision. All Rights Reserved.\
\
\
[3:59 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: My rera number & qr\
[3:59 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: Ok\
[3:59 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: Digital kit for Photos\
[3:59 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: Any update mam\
[3:59 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: Sir.. my baby is not well. He is hospitalized.. so I didn't go to the office Today..\
[3:59 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: I'll try to get your work done by tomorrow with developer\
[3:59 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: Ok\
Take care\
[3:59 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: * Basic cost + Tax\
\
\
[3:59 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: don't mention channel partner rera number. remove book site visit and view broucher . inplace put your both number  ***//***\
[3:59 pm, 08/06/2026] Ankita Olatech Digital Solutions: remove brocher and put whatsapp button on left side and right side call icon\
\
no 1 township environment and no 3 buyer assistance remove\
\
remove check availibilty and download broucher .. put starting from 92lakhs*}